This is extra credit assignment for CS 637, by Shangqi Wu.

This assignment is developed on Windows, and tested compilable on virtual machine provided by this course.

Compile and Run:
Please use the makefile provided and type "make" in terminal, and the executable file will be named "hw10". 
To run this program, please typr "./hw10" in terminal. 
There is also a "make clean" option to delete the executable file.

Functionality:
Satisfied - Create a 3-link "robot" that rotates around a base and its two other joint angles.
Satisfied - The user should be able to choose (via a button click) which joint to modify,
Satisfied - The chosen joint angle should then be modifiable via user input (via keyboard).

Default view:
The 3-link object are made of blue plastic, pointing up(0, 1, 0). 
Camera locates at (0, 0, 1) in the front of the object, with perspective view and phong shading. 
There are 2 light sources, a brighter one locates just behind the camera and moves with camera, while a darker one locates at right-front-top of the object, which is able to move by keyboard control. 
Initially camera is still, while you can choose to start or stop camera count-clockwise rotation by right-click menu. 

Keyboard control:
Robot arm motion:
'1': Make base as current modifiable component. 
'2': Make lower arm as current modifiable component. 
'2': Make upper arm as current modifiable component. 
'i': Rotate current component around X-axis like pushing it into screen.
'k': Rotate current component around X-axis like pulling it out of screen. 
'j': Rotate currenr component around Z-axis like turning it to left.
'l': Rotate current component around Z-axis like turning it to right.
'u': Rotate current component around Y-axis like rolling it clockwise.
'o': Rotate current component around Y-axis like rolling it counter-clockwise.
Camera position:
'w': Increasing camera height.
's': Decreasing camera height.
'a': Incresing camera radius, the object looks smaller under perspective projection.
'd': Decreasing camera radius, the object looks larger under perspective projection.
'e': Increase camera counter-clockwise rotation speed.
'q': Decrease camera clockwise rotation speed.
'x': Allows you rotate camera counter-clockwise by one step. 
'z': Allows you rotate camera clockwise by one step. 
Light source 2 position:
't': Increasing light height.
'g': Decreasing light height.
'h': Increasing light orbit radius, the light source becomes farther to the object.
'f': Decreasing light orbit radius, the loght source becomes closer to the object. 
'y': Rotate light 2 counter-clockwise.
'r': Rotate light 2 clockwise.
'v': Make light 2 rotate 2x faster.
'c': Make light 2 rotate half speed.

Menu instruction:
There are 2 menus, one for camera rotation control, the other for projection control.
You can choose to start/stop camera rotation, and also switch between perspective and parallel projection. 